( GUITAR MUSIC PLAYS )
Muscle Man:  YOU'RE THE
PICKLE ON ––
NO, NO.
YOU'RE THE CHEESE ON MY
BURGER
UH, BURGER.
YO, BROS, WHAT RHYMES WITH
"BURGER"?
Rigby: SCHMURGER.
Muscle Man: HMM.
NOT BAD, NOT BAD.
WHAT RHYMES WITH "HOTTEST GIRL
IN THE WORLD"?
Mordecai: DUDE, MUSCLE MAN,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHY DON'T YOU HELP US?
Muscle Man: I'M BUSY WRITING
A SONG FOR STARLA.
TODAY MARKS A SPECIAL DAY IN THE
HISTORY OF OUR RELATIONSHIP.
IT'S THE ANNIVERSARY OF WHEN WE
FIRST MADE OUT, AND I WANT IT TO
BE REALLY SPECIAL FOR STARLA.
THAT'S WHY I'M GONNA CALL
K.I.L.I.T. RADIO AND GET
DJ DONNY G. TO PLAY MY SONG AND
GIVE A SHOUT–OUT TO STARLA.
Mordecai: DUDE, THAT'S NOT
GONNA WORK.
Muscle Man: NO, SHE'LL
TOTALLY HEAR IT 'CAUSE SHE
LISTENS TO THE RADIO LIKE EVERY
NIGHT.
Mordecai: NO, DUDE.
DONNY G. DOESN'T PLAY AMATEUR
MUSIC.
Rigby: YEAH, HE DOESN'T EVEN
TAKE REQUESTS ANYMORE.
Mordecai: YOU'RE WASTING YOUR
TIME.
Rigby: THERE'S NO WAY HE'S
GONNA PLAY YOUR SONG.
Muscle Man: WE'LL SEE ABOUT
THAT.
( Telephone rings )
HELLO.
THIS IS K.I.L.I.T. RADIO.
Muscle Man: YEAH, I'D LIKE
DONNY G. TO PLAY MY ––
TO TALK TO A K.I.L.I.T.
REPRESENTATIVE, PRESS ZERO.
ARE YOU CALLING IN REGARDS TO A
SONG YOU HEARD?
Muscle Man: NO.
I WANT TO TALK TO SOMEBODY!
ZERO! ZERO! ZERO!
I'M TRANSFERRING YOU TO OUR
BILINGUAL SYSTEM.
Muscle Man: NO!
ZERO! ZERO! ZERO!
HOLA.
LLAMASTE RADIO K.I.L.I.T.
( GROANS )
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING!
( SCREAMING )
Mordecai: DUDE, MUSCLE MAN,
CALM DOWN.
Muscle Man: ( GROANS )
I'M A FAILURE OF A BOYFRIEND.
I CAN'T EVEN DO SOMETHING
SPECIAL FOR MY GIRL.
Mordecai: WHY DON'T WE JUST
GO DOWN TO THE RADIO STATION AND
FIND SOMEBODY TO TALK TO?
Rigby: YEAH, MAYBE SOMEONE
THERE CAN HELP YOU.
Muscle Man: YOU'RE RIGHT,
BROS.
I NEED TO TAKE THIS TO THE
SOURCE.
( TIRES SCREECH )
( BEEP )
WELCOME TO K.I.L.I.T. RADIO.
DO YOU HAVE AN APPOINTMENT?
Muscle Man: UH, NO, BUT ––
YOU NEED AN APPOINTMENT TO
ENTER.
GOOD DAY.
K.I.L.I.T. RADIO.
Muscle Man: LOOK, I JUST WANT
TO TALK TO SOMEONE.
DO YOU HAVE AN APPOINTMENT?
Muscle Man: NO, I HAVE
THIS ––
GOOD DAY.
Muscle Man: CAN YOU BELIEVE
THIS PLACE?!
Mordecai: SORRY, MUSCLE MAN.
Rigby: WAIT, WHO'S THAT?
Muscle Man: DUDES, I THINK
THAT'S DONNY G.
Mordecai: WHAT?
THAT'S NOT HIM.
Muscle Man: DUDE, IT'S HIM.
Rigby: YEAH, I THINK IT IS
HIM.
Muscle Man: WATCH.
YO, DONNY G.!
( DOOR CLOSES )
SEE?
WHOO, DONNY G.!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
MY NAME'S MITCH.
BIG FAN.
THA–– THANKS, MAN.
Muscle Man: LISTEN, I NEED A
BIG FAVOR.
I WROTE THIS SONG FOR MY
GIRLFRIEND, STARLA.
CAN YOU HAVE THEM PLAY IT ON THE
AIR TONIGHT?
UH...
Muscle Man: IT WOULD MEAN SO
MUCH TO ME.
YEAH, OKAY, SURE.
I'LL GIVE IT A WHIRL.
Muscle Man: AND DO AN
OLD–FASHIONED SHOUT–OUT?
HEY, WHY NOT?
Muscle Man: WHOO!
OH, MAN, STARLA'S GONNA BE SO
STOKED.
THANKS, DONNY, YOU'RE THE BEST.
NO PROBLEM, MY MAN.
Rigby: WELL, THAT WAS EASY.
Muscle Man: YEAH, WE TOTALLY
GOT THE HOOKUP FROM DONNY G.
MAN, I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
STARLA'S FACE TONIGHT.
SHE'S GONNA BE REAL
APPRECIATIVE.
( GASPS )
OH, NO, BRO.
YO, DONNY!
DONNY G.!
LOOK, MAN, IT'S NOT WHAT YOU
THINK.
Muscle Man: IT ISWHAT I
THINK 'CAUSE I SAW YOU.
I USED TO THINK YOU WERE COOL.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
A CD PLAYER COULD DO YOUR JOB.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I STILL HAVE A VOICE.
AND THIS VOICE ON THIS TAPE
WON'T BE SILENCED BY YOU.
Shh! Shh! Shh!
Muscle Man: I SAID I WON'T BE
SILENCED!
OKAY, OKAY.
BUT WE CAN'T TALK HERE.
I'M SORRY FOR THE SECRECY.
IT'S NOT SAFE TO TALK BACK AT
THE RADIO STATION.
LOOK, MITCH, YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT EVERYTHING YOU SAID BACK
THERE.
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS I
HAVEN'T PLAYED A SONG IN A LONG
TIME.
BACK IN THE DAY, K.I.L.I.T. WAS
RUN BY THE BEST DEEJAYS AROUND.
WE WERE THE HEART AND SOUL OF
THE STATION, AND WE LOVED EVERY
MINUTE OF IT.
THIS IS DJ DONNY G., AND WE GOT
THE 9:00 POWER ROCK BLOCK COMING
UP NEXT FOR Y'ALL.
BUT FIRST, A SHOUT–OUT TO
CHARLES Z. FROM WENDY R. –– LOVE
YOU, BABE.
'CAUSE THAT'S HOW WE KILL IT!
THINGS WERE GOING GREAT, UNTIL
ONE DAY, THE TOP EXECUTIVES
SHOWED UP AND ENFORCED A NEW
AUTOMATED DEEJAY SYSTEM JUST SO
THEY COULD CUT THE BUDGET IN
HALF.
LITTLE DID THEY KNOW, THE SYSTEM
LEARNED TO DEEJAY AT A GEOMETRIC
RATE, AND ON AUGUST 4th,
2:14 P.M. EASTERN TIME, IT
BECAME SELF–AWARE.
THAT WAS THE DAY THE MUSIC DIED.
( ELECTRICITY CRACKLES )
( GASPS )
( GRUNTING )
( ALL SCREAMING )
STAY, DONNY.
WE HAVE A SPECIAL JOB FOR YOU.
YOU MUST STAY.
AS TIME WENT ON, K.I.L.I.T.
RADIO'S NEW FORMAT GREW IN
POPULARITY.
THIS IS K.I.L.I.T. RADIO.
CLEAN OUT YOUR EARHOLES,
DUMMIES.
AND AS FOR MY SPECIAL JOB...
NOW CLEAN ME, DONNY.
CLEAN ME.
Mordecai: SO, THAT'S NOT YOUR
VOICE ON THE AIR?
NO.
IT'S JUST A COMPUTERIZED
SIMULATION OF IT.
Rigby: SO, THAT'S WHY THEY
DON'T TAKE REQUESTS ANYMORE.
K.I.L.I.T. NEEDS THE HUMAN TOUCH
BACK.
IT NEEDS DJ DONNY G.
NAH, THOSE DAYS ARE OVER.
NOW I'M JUST DJ DONNY THE
JANITOR.
Muscle Man: WELL, FORGET
THAT.
YOU NEED TO GET BACK ON THE AIR.
AH, WHAT'S THE POINT?
Muscle Man: THE POINT IS NOT
TO LET SOME LAME MACHINE TELL
YOU WHAT TO DO.
RADIO SHOULD BE FOR THE PEOPLE,
BY THE PEOPLE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
Muscle Man: I'M GLAD YOU
THINK SO, DONNY G.
'CAUSE I GOT A SONG TO PLAY, AND
YOU'RE THE ONLY MAN TO DO IT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GET YOU BACK
ON THE AIR?
( BEEP )
UNKNOWN INDIVIDUALS DETECTED.
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE, DONNY?
UH, THEY'RE, UH...
REPAIRMEN I HIRED TO FIX A
COUPLE OF THINGS.
CAN'T DO IT ALL MYSELF.
( CHUCKLES )
( BEEPING )
Rigby: IT'S ON TO US.
Mordecai: DUDE, BE COOL.
YOU MAY ENTER.
ALL RIGHT, BOYS, THE
TROUBLE'S DOWN IN THE BASEMENT.
LET'S GET YOU FELLAS SET UP.
OKAY, WE'LL GRAB SOME OLD
EQUIPMENT AND PATCH INTO THE
SYSTEM MANUALLY.
Rigby: COME ON.
YOU ARE PLANNING TO OVERRIDE
THE AUTOMATED BROADCAST.
Muscle Man: UH, NO?
INTRUDERS MUST BE
NEUTRALIZED.
Muscle Man: NOT BEFORE STARLA
HEARS MY SONG.
( GRUNTS )
WE NEED TO GET UP TO THE MAIN
BROADCAST ROOM PRONTO.
Rigby: AAH!
Mordecai: DUDE, TAKE OUT THE
CAMERAS.
Rigby: ( GRUNTS )
Mordecai: ( GRUNTS )
TO THE ELEVATOR.
All: AAH!
Muscle Man: ( SIGHS )
DONNY, YOU ARE ACTING VERY
FOOLISHLY.
Both: ( GRUNTING )
Muscle Man: ( GRUNTING )
WE MADE IT!
( ALL SCREAM )
NO, BRO!
( GRUNTS )
HOLD THEM OFF WHILE I SET UP.
Mordecai: AAH!
Rigby: AAH!
Muscle Man: HUH?
OKAY, GUYS, WE'RE READY.
OOH!
Muscle Man: DONNY G.!
( GROWLS )
DONNY G.
MITCH.
THE TAPE, MITCH.
Muscle Man: WHAT DO I DO TO
PLAY THE TAPE?
( GASPING )
LEAVE IT TO ME.
DON'T DO IT, DONNY.
IF YOU PLAY THE TAPE, I WILL BE
FORCED TO DESTROY THE WHOLE
STATION.
GO.
SAVE YOURSELVES.
NO MATTER WHAT YOU HEAR, JUST
KEEP RUNNING.
Muscle Man: I'LL NEVER FORGET
YOU, DONNY G.
I'LL NEVER FORGET YOU, MITCH.
YOU GAVE ME MY LIFE BACK.
Muscle Man: LET'S BOOK.
DON'T DO IT, DONNY.
I'M THE DEEJAY NOW, REMEMBER?
NOW I'M GONNA SHOW YOU HOW I
KILL IT!
NOOO!
( BEEPING )
HEY, ALL YOU COOL CATS.
THIS IS YOUR MAIN MAN ON THE
MICROPHONE, DONNY G., COMING AT
YOU LIVE FOR ONE LAST TIME WITH
ONE LAST VERY SPECIAL REQUEST.
JOINING ME HERE AT THE
K.I.L.I.T. STUDIO IS MY MAIN MAN
MITCH, AND HE'S GOT A VERY
SPECIAL SONG FOR A VERY SPECIAL
LADY –– STARLA.
I USED TO BE A LOSER
HANGING WITH MY LOSER FRIENDS
BUT THE FIRST TIME THAT WE
MADE OUT MADE MY NECK HAIR STAND
ON END
OH, STARLA
STARLA–AH–AH–AH–AH–AH–AH
WHEN WE KISS, IT'S LIKE MY
HEART IS SPINNING DOUGHNUTS
YOU'RE THE CHEESE UPON MY
BURGER
I'M THE MUSTARD ON YOUR BUN
AND JUST LIKE THE PERFECT
BURGER, OUR LOVE'S NEVER
OVERDONE
YOU'RE THE ICE CUBE IN MY
COLA
I'M THE KETCHUP ON YOUR
FRIES
AND I'LL PUNCH THE FACE OF ANY
BRO WHO MIGHT SAY OTHERWISE
OH, STARLA
BUT I KNEW YOU'D BE MY LADY
AND I'D BE YOUR MUSCLE MAN
Starla: OH, MITCH!
MITCH!
YOU DID THIS ALL FOR ME?!
Muscle Man: I'D DO ANYTHING
FOR YOU, BABE.
DID YOU LIKE THE SONG?
Starla: IT WAS SO ROMANTIC.
YOU REMEMBERED THE ANNIVERSARY
OF THE FIRST TIME WE MADE OUT.
Muscle Man: NOT ONLY THAT.
I REMEMBERED HOW WE DID IT.
( SMOOCHING )
Mordecai: I DON'T KNOW.
THAT SONG WAS KIND OF LAME.
Rigby: YEAH.
BUT IT WAS PRETTY RAD HOW WE
OUTRAN THAT FIREBALL.
YEAH, THAT WAS LIKE A MOVIE
OR SOMETHING.